Privacy Policy
September 16, 2022
 This privacy notice lets you know how we safeguard your personal data and the measures we take to keep it safe.

Here, you can find out what kind of information we use to provide you with our bundle of transportation services, how we use your information to keep you safe, and the choices and controls available to you. 

In this notice, it is also stated that all the possible rights you have regarding to the privacy of your data. The data protection rules are set up in order to protect everyone who participates in the work.

The term “us” or “we” refers to Jara company incorporated and registered under the laws of the government. 

The term "you" or "your" refers to people who go to our app service that is requesting, hiring, and/or receiving a transportation service.

1. Personal data we process

We only process the information that is necessary for your needs on our marketplace. This ensures that we give you the best possible service for what you are looking to achieve.

Contact details: We will ask for your personal details like name, phone number, and e-mail address so that we can best help you.
Profile information: We collect some data to help you build your profile, such as your saved addresses and language preferences. Some of our services require some additional details like your driver's license number.
Geolocation: By accessing your location we are able to offer a list of services on your location, such as local ride options. it will tell you how long the journey would take, with different expenditure options. there are also hints about your destination and traffic conditions.
Payment details: Information about the payment method used, like the amount charged and what card.
In-app communication records: We monitor how you interact with our app regularly to make sure we're providing top-tier service. We also keep a record of your in-app chats so that we can easily get back in touch if needed.
The limited identification data: We collect the device IP on which the app has been installed.
Ride data: The data that we are collecting about the usage of service such as journey time, the route taken, etc. These time stamps and statistics allow us for easy reference in support of scheduling and are valuable to ensure driver safety.
In-App message data: Our in-app chat collects information regarding the date, time, and content of your communication with a driver.
User image: For verification purposes, our app will store users' profile images as well. 
Usage Data

Using the platform will automatically collect the data.

Usage data is information about your device, browser, and website activity. It can tell us things like what type of device you are visiting from, the operating system, version / itunes version number of your browser (noted when available), pages you visit for the website that we provide customer service support for in addition to off-premise services like hardware software inventory management.

When visiting our website and using the Mobile App, we may collect certain information automatically without any further human interaction. This includes but is not limited to IP address, device type, device ID number, your device operating system, network state, and your current location. Even when not using the app, the device will still fetch your location and provide ride request capability.

We collect information about Your visits to our website or using our app, including any mobile device you use.

Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. These technologies allow us to collect and; analyze data for improved performance and better user experience

Your internet browser allows you the option of telling it which type of web Cookies you do or don't accept. Without this capability, some parts of our website may not function properly.

Cookies can be either "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. The difference between the two is that Persistent Cookies remain on a personal computer or mobile device even when the user closes her web browser, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as they are no longer in use.

We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

Necessary / Essential Cookies

Type: Session Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: Cookies are used to authenticate users and prevent fraud. They help you navigate through the website and use a few of the services available to you.

Cookies allow Us to provide You with the services that You have requested, which is important for our business. Without them, We cannot provide these services and would have trouble doing so.

Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies

Type: Persistent Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: These cookies identify whether or not a visitor has accepted the website's use of cookies

Functionality Cookies

Type: Persistent Cookies

Administered by: Us

Purpose: Cookies allow you to make a personalized experience across our website. They help us remember your preferences, view your account details and more. These Cookies are used on the site to provide you with a more enjoyable experience and allow us to avoid having to ask for your preferences again.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy.

This is the Cookies Policy which outlines our cookies and your choices.

2. Purpose of the processing

We process your personal data so we can provide you with the services you needed more efficiently:

To connect you with a driver: We collect personal data so we can connect with users who are looking to be picked up and dropped off. These services include cars, bikes, and scooters that are available in areas close by. The instant messages the app uses can be used for customer service and to resolve disputes between drivers and riders. This is also helpful when they use that data to improve their products and services, as well as analyze it.
We help you keep track of your ride: We help drivers congregate at specific locations and show them where the passengers they are picking up or dropping off are located. Drivers can also keep track of the route on their monitor to save time &amp; effort, and make sure they have both their phone number and geolocation nearby so that they never miss a call or text from riders. This data is collected only when the app is activated (in use). Drivers in some countries cannot see the passenger's phone number on the app after the app has been closed. This is done to avoid personal information from being accessible to drivers.
To make sure your smooth journey: Geolocation data is used to automatically get employees to their destinations and reduce the loss of time incurred by getting someone in the wrong location. It also helps ensure billings are correct.
We make sure the optimal app performance: We use your contact information to notify you of any changes to our app. We appreciate you continuing to use our service, and these updates will help you make sure you are using the latest version of our service. We collect limited data from your device to improve our service (IP address and data that helps you connect with the internet). These checks help keep your account safe and verify your authentication.
To make sure to offer a quick, cheap, and most convenient ride to you: We collect data on the routes taken by our passengers and riders to analyze geographic coverage. This feature allows us to find the most efficient routes for drivers and our scooters. It also helps make sure that our employees are near customers.
We collect your payment: We obtain payment details to process passenger payments for drivers who use our ride-hailing app. These are usually used in transactions such as rideshare and cab. 
We maintain and promote standards: We collect data on journeys, such as whether a journey has concluded, or when it happened. Through this, we encourage customer safety and compliance with our terms and conditions. We also want to make sure that everyone comes away from their experience with us feeling satisfied. Customer service is an important aspect of any business, and feedback on the quality of your customer support can be helpful. It allows you to resolve disputes, as well as instill a sense that your company cares about the customer’s experience.
We keep you informed: We'll use your name, phone number, and email address to let you know if your journey is complete or to send you other trip-related information.
3. Legal Basis

We are allowed to use your data in the ways described above if you have a proper reason for doing so. Your information always comes with an explicit need for you, and we make sure that any usage is justified.

We process your personal data to create the personalized service you want. Personal data may be processed to meet our terms and conditions, in order to give you an unparalleled service.
We confirm with you whether we need your personal data in order to process your request or if it falls under legitimate interest. Our legitimate interests include providing an innovative, personalized, and safe service to our passengers and partners. This is at the expense of other interests - including being profitable. Our legitimate interests in our company include things like investigating fraud and other malicious activity, maintaining the security of our systems, and responding to potential criminal activity.
We sometimes rely on alternative legal bases when:

Compliance with a legal obligation such as processing data when required can be beneficial. It happens, for example, if there is a valid legal request.
in the event of an emergency or when there is a threat to life.
We always strive for transparency in all of our contact with you. This includes requirements for providing consent to specific uses as well as information about how we review, use, and retain your content metadata.

Getting personal information to complete a contract is important and may allow the company to avoid certain legal consequences. It might also mean that they are not able to provide you with services. When you download our App, we collect and process your personal data, such as location information, so that drivers can find you in a timely manner. Refusing to share your location will cause it to be unavailable for driver directions and when looking for reservations. We will not let you sign up or use your account if there's a reasonable suspicion that you're trying to get around the obligations.

4. Recipients

We only work with trusted partners and authorities. We always share what is necessary and nothing more. We know that data can be valuable, so we don't sell your personal information to companies that may use it against you.

When a ride-on is requested, the company shares your personal data with the driver. This includes all name, contact number, and location data, as well as other demographic information.
After availing the transportation service, your information will remain visible to the driver for 24-48 hours. This is important because it allows supervisors who may have an issue like something left in the car to contact their driver and get the issue resolved with that passenger.
Riders give up-to-date feedback on their rides using our app. The data is anonymous and made private between you and the company. So even if someone gives you a bad rating, they can't use your input against you or it will no longer be accurate.
It is in some cases legally compelled to share information with external recipients, such as when a court orders us or when we cooperate with a data protection supervisory authority. 
We often perform these responses when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, when it furthers a public interest task, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with our Terms of Service. We have a strong legal basis to share the information and will document our decision by providing a justification.
5. Security of Your Personal Data

Data security is one of our top priorities, but your data may not be completely secure. As we strive to use industry-accepted means of data protection, keep in mind that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage would be 100% secure.

6. Children's Privacy

We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you realize that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. We are aware that We collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verifying parental consent on Our servers. If this happens, We remove the information from Our servers.

Some of our services are only available to users over 13. In certain cases, this means we might not be able to provide certain features or functionality of the service to these younger users.

If We are required by law to seek your parent's consent in order for us to collect and process any personal data, we will not be able to do so unless you give us their permission.

7. Links to Other Websites

We may link to other websites that aren't operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be taken to that website's site. It’s important that you read the privacy policy for every site you visit.

We do not censor any 3rd party sites or the content on those sites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, protections, privacy policies, or practices of any third party site with which we are linked.

8. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We will update our Privacy Policy from time to time. If a change is made, we'll notify You via the Forum or via other means.

Email or a prominent notice before the change takes effect will be sent to provide notification of what changes are coming, as well as providing an update with the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

Visitors should periodically check the privacy policy for any changes that have been posted on this site. Changes to the privacy policy will remain in effect until a new copy is posted to this page.

9. Your rights and controls

We want you to remain in control of your personal data. We provide you with the necessary controls from within the app to view each and every bit of information we collect on our users including their profile data and trip history. We've also got some in-app settings, such as marketing opt-ins, and clear cookie consent controls on our app.

Your right of access

You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we've collected about you. We may not always provide all the information you request from us because we have to balance our rights against those of others.
Your right to rectification

You can get better assistance with all your personal data on the app. You also have the right to ask us to update or complete any of the records that you believe are incomplete. This way, you have an easier time getting everything booted up and running smoothly.
Your right to erasure

You can request that your personal information that's stored on our servers be removed in certain circumstances
Your right to restriction of processing

You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. For example, if you file a complaint with the company or if you would like to exercise legal rights (like claiming compensation for damages or your data has been hacked)
Your right to object to processing

We're processing your data on the basis of legitimate interests. If you want to object, you can tell us that and ask for a person to review it.


10. Retention

Our app stores users' data only for as long as it needs to comply with their policies. All categories of data (e.g., billing, location) are stored for different periods of time depending on the type (e.g., 6 weeks for billing data, 12 months for location data).

After having an active account with our service, your personal data is stored with us for as long as you use our services. You can permanently deactivate your account or delete your personal data through the app as needed. If your account is closed, personal data will be deleted according to our retention schedules and rules.
Data on transportation services provided to passengers will be stored for three years after the last journey and; data on other accounting purposes will be stored for seven years after the last journey.
We maintain all necessary data for internal, legal, and regulatory requirements to ensure we're a compliant company
In case of payment claims, your personal information will be retained unless it is satisfied or the claim expires.
The personal journey history and usage data of any individual will be stored for 3 years after which it will be rendered private by anonymizing the data.
Information about You is stored securely and will be used only as needed for those purposes. We store the data necessary for our business specifically to the company’s purposes, which might change over time. The information will not be collected or shared with any other party. At times, We may need to retain your Data to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain User Data for internal analysis purposes. User data is retained for a shorter period of time except when it is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we're legally obligated to keep this data for longer periods.



Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: jaarasmartciti@gmail.com 


